Comms slack update (#912)
flowforge/website: src/handbook/company/communication.md

#### Channel name structure

> To make it easier to find your way around in Slack, it's 

Reviewer: Not sure where you planned to go with this sentence, but here's a proposed second half...

```suggestion
To make it easier to find your way around in Slack, we have some rules for naming channels. This will help give everything some context and implicit sense of purpose.
```
